updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16065)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/how-to-enable-sql-persistence-for-workflows-and-workflow-services.md

```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > It is recommended that you do not store sensitive information such as user names and passwords in the Web.config file. If you do store sensitive information in the Web.config file, you should secure access to the Web.config file by using file system Access Control Lists (ACLs). In addition, you can also secure the configuration values within a configuration file as mentioned in [Encrypting Configuration Information Using Protected Configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/53tyfkaw(v=vs.140)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is recommended that you do not store sensitive information such as user names and passwords in the Web.config file. If you do store sensitive information in the Web.config file, you should secure access to the Web.config file by using file system Access Control Lists (ACLs). In addition, you can also secure the configuration values within a configuration file as mentioned in [Encrypting Configuration Information Using Protected Configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/aspnet/53tyfkaw(v=vs.100)).
```
